doc/BeNext/BeNext_MoLite.md, before:

# Adding a BeNext MoLite Z-wave motion sensor

## Pair the sensor

First, pair the motion sensor with the controller:

  * Remove the back panel of the motion sensor. This will expose the
    tamper switch, a small metal lid that presses a button when
    the back panel is closed.
  * In Home Assistant, go to Configuration -> Z-Wave.
  * Click "ADD NODE".
  * Right after that, press on the tamper switch, until you see the
    red LED on the sensor light up. Let go of the tamper switch.
  * The sensor will try to pair with your Z-Wave network. The LED will
    double-blink a few times, with a little pause in between.
    When pairing is successful, the LED will light up for a second.
  * Now put the back panel back on the motion sensor. It will
    single-blink a few times, after which the LED will light up for a
    second to confirm that it can communicate to the Z-Wave network.
  * Click "HEAL NETWORK".

After these steps, the sensor should be visible on the Z-Wave control
panel under "Z-Wave Node Management" -> "Nodes". The name is something
like "BeNext DHS-ZW-SNMT-01 Multi Sensor (Node:XXX Complete)", where
"XXX" is the Z-Wave node ID.

## Configure Entities

After pairing the sensor, configure the entities that must be exposed
to Home Assistant. To do so, select the new sensor under "Nodes".
Then select the entities below it one at a time and update 
settings.

I use the following settings:

  * __sensor.benext_dhs_zw_snmt_01_multi_sensor_alarm_level__: exclude
  * __sensor.benext_dhs_zw_snmt_01_multi_sensor_alarm_type__: exclude
  * __sensor.benext_dhs_zw_snmt_01_multi_sensor_battery_level__: include with polling intensity = 0
  * __sensor.benext_dhs_zw_snmt_01_multi_sensor_luminance__: include with polling intensity = 0
  * __binary_sensor.benext_dhs_zw_snmt_01_multi_sensor_sensor__: include with polling intensity = 0
  * __sensor.benext_dhs_zw_snmt_01_multi_sensor_temperature__: include with polling intensity = 0

The alarm_type and alarm_level might not yet be available. They might
show up as an entity with "unknown" in the name. If this happens, follow
the rest of the steps and get back here later. By then, they will likely be
discovered.

## Configure settings

Under "Node Config Options" configure the following settings:

  * __2. Mode timeout__: 1
  * __3. Switch off time__: 1
  * __4. Sensitivity__: 127
  * __5. The mode__: Normal operation mode

The default mode timeout and switch off time are set way too high to be useful
for integration in Home Assistant. With the configuration values from above, the
sensor reports motion while there's motion and stops reporting quickly after the
motion ends. In my option, that is the most useful setup for integrating with
Home Assistant automation rules.

Note: When briefly triggering the motion sensor with these configuration values, 
the sensor will report motion for about 10 seconds, before turning off. One
would expect a lower time, based on the documentation of the configuration
parameters, but 10 seconds is useful enough to not bother about it.

## Configure wakeup time 

Under "Node Config Options" set the wakeup interval to 15 (seconds). This is quite low
when compared to the default of 7200 seconds, but I have good reasons to do so:

  1. __Configuration changes can only be transferred to the sensor at times
     when the sensor is reporting itself as awake.__ When configuration changes are made
     while the sensor is sleeping, these changes are queued by the controller. As soon
     as the sensor reports as awake, the queued changes are pushed to the sensor.
     Therefore, with 7200 seconds as the wakeup time, it might take up to two hours
     for changes to propagate.

  2. When restarting Home Assistant, openzwave (the underlying Z-Wave support library)
     is restarted as well. After this restart, __the sensor will not work, until the
     sensor has reported itself awake__. The reason seems to be that the sensor only sends
     a Basic SET to its associated device(s) (in this case the Z-Wave controller)
     and not a Report. Openzwave needs to learn how to interpret the Basic SET message,
     and for this the sensor must be awake, so openzwave can retrieve the required
     meta-data.

About the first point: Below you find log lines that you will find in your
OZW_Log.txt log file when the sensor has not yet fully been activated (timestamps
omitted for readability) and motion is detected:

```
Detail, Node015,   Received: 0x01, 0x0b, 0x00, 0x04, 0x00, 0x0f, 0x03, 0x20, 0x01, 0xff, 0xc1, 0x00, 0xe3
Info, Node015, Received Basic set from node 15: level=255. Treating it as a Basic report.
```

So a Based SET is received and logged by the Z-Wave controller. However, nothing
is done with this signal. After full activation (at which point the sensor will show
up with status "Active" in the Z-Wave control panel), the log looks like this:

```
Detail, Node015,   Received: 0x01, 0x0b, 0x00, 0x04, 0x00, 0x0f, 0x03, 0x20, 0x01, 0xff, 0xc3, 0x00, 0xe1
Info, Node015, Received Basic set from node 15: level=255. Treating it as a Basic report.
Detail, Node015, Queuing (WakeUp) SensorBinaryCmd_Get (Node=15): 0x01, 0x09, 0x00, 0x13, 0x0f, 0x02, 0x30, 0x02, 0x25, 0x56, 0xa9
Detail, Node015, Refreshed Value: old value=false, new value=true, type=bool
Detail, Node015, Changes to this value are not verified
Detail, Node015, Notification: ValueChanged
```

The Basic SET is now picked up and handled in such way that the binary_sensor
entity is switched from "off" (false) to "on" (true). Additionally, an atttempt is
made to refresh the data using the SensorBinaryCmd_Get command, however that one
is not executed but queued, since the sensor is not awake at this moment.
This is not a problem for the operaiton of the sensor, although the logging seems
to indicate a problem.

For information on this behavior, see:
https://github.com/OpenZWave/open-zwave/wiki/Basic-Command-Class
An alternative could be to make use of zwave.node_event events, but
I can't get them to work currently.

## Force a configuration update of the sensor

To force a configuration update, remove the back panel and put it back. This triggers
the sensor to report itself as awake. After this, the configuration on the sensor
should be updated.

## Test the sensor

In Home Assistant, go to Developer Tools -> States. On that page, find the newly
added binary_sensor.benext_dhs_zw_snmt_01_multi_sensor_sensor. The second column
will show "on" when motion is detected, "off" otherwise. Check if you can make
this state switch from "off" to "on" (wave) and from "on" to "off" (do nothing).

## Sensor customization

The binary_sensor does not use the default motion sensor icon (mdi:walk).
To make the sensor look the same as other sensors in my hour, I use the
customization feature of Home Assistant.

  * Go to Configuration -> Customizations.
  * Select the new sensor from the drop down list.
  * From "Pick an attribute to override", select "icon".
  * Update the icon to "mdi:walk".

## Give the sensor and its entities a better name.

After all these steps, the sensor is ready for use. I recommend highly to go
Configuration -> Devices, and click on the new BeNext MoLite device that you
have just added.

First, click the settings icon in the top right corner of the screen.
In the popup window, you can assign a good name to the sensor and link
it to an area if you like. There's no harm in not linking it to an area.

Secondly, click on the settings icon for every available entity and update
the description and the entity ID.

Commit message:

Added polling intensities to the non-binary sensors of the BeNext MoLite docs.
I'm not fully sure if this works as intended. For the Energy Switch this is the way to get updates. 
Fact is that without these changes, I get no updates at any time and sensors like luminocity and temperature have the same value all the time.

doc/BeNext/BeNext_MoLite.md, after:

# Adding a BeNext MoLite Z-wave motion sensor

## Pair the sensor

First, pair the motion sensor with the controller:

  * Remove the back panel of the motion sensor. This will expose the
    tamper switch, a small metal lid that presses a button when
    the back panel is closed.
  * In Home Assistant, go to Configuration -> Z-Wave.
  * Click "ADD NODE".
  * Right after that, press on the tamper switch, until you see the
    red LED on the sensor light up. Let go of the tamper switch.
  * The sensor will try to pair with your Z-Wave network. The LED will
    double-blink a few times, with a little pause in between.
    When pairing is successful, the LED will light up for a second.
  * Now put the back panel back on the motion sensor. It will
    single-blink a few times, after which the LED will light up for a
    second to confirm that it can communicate to the Z-Wave network.
  * Click "HEAL NETWORK".

After these steps, the sensor should be visible on the Z-Wave control
panel under "Z-Wave Node Management" -> "Nodes". The name is something
like "BeNext DHS-ZW-SNMT-01 Multi Sensor (Node:XXX Complete)", where
"XXX" is the Z-Wave node ID.

## Configure Entities

After pairing the sensor, configure the entities that must be exposed
to Home Assistant. To do so, select the new sensor under "Nodes".
Then select the entities below it one at a time and update 
settings.

I use the following settings:

  * __sensor.benext_dhs_zw_snmt_01_multi_sensor_alarm_level__: exclude
  * __sensor.benext_dhs_zw_snmt_01_multi_sensor_alarm_type__: exclude
  * __sensor.benext_dhs_zw_snmt_01_multi_sensor_battery_level__: include with polling intensity = 255
  * __sensor.benext_dhs_zw_snmt_01_multi_sensor_luminance__: include with polling intensity = 180
  * __binary_sensor.benext_dhs_zw_snmt_01_multi_sensor_sensor__: include with polling intensity = 0
  * __sensor.benext_dhs_zw_snmt_01_multi_sensor_temperature__: include with polling intensity = 60

The alarm_type and alarm_level might not yet be available. They might
show up as an entity with "unknown" in the name. If this happens, follow
the rest of the steps and get back here later. By then, they will likely be
discovered.

The polling intensities for the non-binary sensors is required to have the
sensor values updated. These sensors do not actively report their values.
The polling intensity setting relates to the polling_interval setting that can
be setup in Home Assistant's `configuration.yaml` file. Here's my configuration:

```yaml
zwave:
  # Run a polling cycle every 10 seconds. Z-Wave node entities can configure
  # a polling intensity, which relates to this option. A polling intensity
  # of 1 means "poll every 10 seconds", 6 means "poll every minute", etc.
  polling_interval: 10000
```

Based on this configuration, I poll the temperature every 10 minutes, the luminance
every half hour and the battery level every 42.5 minute, given that 255 is the
maximum allowed value for polling_intensity.

## Configure settings

Under "Node Config Options" configure the following settings:

  * __2. Mode timeout__: 1
  * __3. Switch off time__: 1
  * __4. Sensitivity__: 127
  * __5. The mode__: Normal operation mode

The default mode timeout and switch off time are set way too high to be useful
for integration in Home Assistant. With the configuration values from above, the
sensor reports motion while there's motion and stops reporting quickly after the
motion ends. In my option, that is the most useful setup for integrating with
Home Assistant automation rules.

Note: When briefly triggering the motion sensor with these configuration values, 
the sensor will report motion for about 10 seconds, before turning off. One
would expect a lower time, based on the documentation of the configuration
parameters, but 10 seconds is useful enough to not bother about it.

## Configure wakeup time 

Under "Node Config Options" set the wakeup interval to 15 (seconds). This is quite low
when compared to the default of 7200 seconds, but I have good reasons to do so:

  1. __Configuration changes can only be transferred to the sensor at times
     when the sensor is reporting itself as awake.__ When configuration changes are made
     while the sensor is sleeping, these changes are queued by the controller. As soon
     as the sensor reports as awake, the queued changes are pushed to the sensor.
     Therefore, with 7200 seconds as the wakeup time, it might take up to two hours
     for changes to propagate.

  2. When restarting Home Assistant, openzwave (the underlying Z-Wave support library)
     is restarted as well. After this restart, __the sensor will not work, until the
     sensor has reported itself awake__. The reason seems to be that the sensor only sends
     a Basic SET to its associated device(s) (in this case the Z-Wave controller)
     and not a Report. Openzwave needs to learn how to interpret the Basic SET message,
     and for this the sensor must be awake, so openzwave can retrieve the required
     meta-data.

__About the second point__

Below you find log lines that you will find in your OZW_Log.txt log file when the
sensor has not yet fully been activated (timestamps omitted for readability) and
motion is detected:

```
Detail, Node015,   Received: 0x01, 0x0b, 0x00, 0x04, 0x00, 0x0f, 0x03, 0x20, 0x01, 0xff, 0xc1, 0x00, 0xe3
Info, Node015, Received Basic set from node 15: level=255. Treating it as a Basic report.
```

So a Based SET is received and logged by the Z-Wave controller. However, nothing
is done with this signal. After full activation (at which point the sensor will show
up with status "Active" in the Z-Wave control panel), the log looks like this:

```
Detail, Node015,   Received: 0x01, 0x0b, 0x00, 0x04, 0x00, 0x0f, 0x03, 0x20, 0x01, 0xff, 0xc3, 0x00, 0xe1
Info, Node015, Received Basic set from node 15: level=255. Treating it as a Basic report.
Detail, Node015, Queuing (WakeUp) SensorBinaryCmd_Get (Node=15): 0x01, 0x09, 0x00, 0x13, 0x0f, 0x02, 0x30, 0x02, 0x25, 0x56, 0xa9
Detail, Node015, Refreshed Value: old value=false, new value=true, type=bool
Detail, Node015, Changes to this value are not verified
Detail, Node015, Notification: ValueChanged
```

The Basic SET is now picked up and handled in such way that the binary_sensor
entity is switched from "off" (false) to "on" (true). Additionally, an atttempt is
made to refresh the data using the SensorBinaryCmd_Get command, however that one
is not executed but queued, since the sensor is not awake at this moment.
This is not a problem for the operaiton of the sensor, although the logging seems
to indicate a problem.

For information on this behavior, see:
https://github.com/OpenZWave/open-zwave/wiki/Basic-Command-Class
An alternative could be to make use of zwave.node_event events, but
I can't get them to work currently.

## Force a configuration update of the sensor

At this point, the configuration is ready. However, this configuration might not
have been sent to the motion sensor, since the sensor needs to be awake for this
to work. 

To force a configuration update, remove the back panel and put it back. This triggers
the sensor to report itself as awake. After this, the configuration on the sensor
should be updated.

## Test the sensor

In Home Assistant, go to Developer Tools -> States. On that page, find the newly
added binary_sensor.benext_dhs_zw_snmt_01_multi_sensor_sensor. The second column
will show "on" when motion is detected, "off" otherwise. Check if you can make
this state switch from "off" to "on" (wave) and from "on" to "off" (do nothing).

## Sensor customization

The binary_sensor does not use the default motion sensor icon (mdi:walk).
To make the sensor look the same as other sensors in my hour, I use the
customization feature of Home Assistant.

  * Go to Configuration -> Customizations.
  * Select the new sensor from the drop down list.
  * From "Pick an attribute to override", select "icon".
  * Update the icon to "mdi:walk".

## Give the sensor and its entities a better name.

After all these steps, the sensor is ready for use. I recommend highly to go
Configuration -> Devices, and click on the new BeNext MoLite device that you
have just added.

First, click the settings icon in the top right corner of the screen.
In the popup window, you can assign a good name to the sensor and link
it to an area if you like. There's no harm in not linking it to an area.

Secondly, click on the settings icon for every available entity and update
the description and the entity ID.
